(harp music)
- [Hachi] The next time I fall
in love
I wouldn't mind being with
someone who's a little harsh.
He doesn't have to do every
little thing I want him to.
But after we get in an argument
I like him to give me a flower
and tell me he loves me.
That's the kind of guy I want.
(rock music)
(tranquil music)
(chimes ringing)
- I'm too excited to sleep.
It feels like the Trapnest
concert happened a long time
ago.
(crowd cheering)
(gasping)
Damn, I was so fixated on Ren
I forgot to look at Takumi.
Takumi.
Oh, well.
What's done is done.
Nana left over two hours ago.
But knowing her-
- One day Blast is going
to be bigger than Trapnest.
- Oh, yeah.
Like that will ever happen.
- Hopefully she didn't go
over just to yell at Ren
and then turn around and
come right back here.
Did things turn out okay?
I sure hope so.
(chimes ringing)
We're women, Nana.
And there's no reason
we shouldn't allow
ourselves some pleasures.
- Huh.
Nana!
- [Nana] I didn't come here
to get back together with you.
(Ren sighs)
(water running)
(petal snaps)
(lighter clicking)
- Huh?
(water splashing)
(tranquil music)
- Mm.
(water splashing)
- [Ren] Huh.
So, what is all this anyway?
Don't you know how
expensive these roses are?
- [Nana] You're a big rockstar.
What do you care about a few
flowers?
Besides, flowers aren't
meant to last, anyway.
So, I might as well make use of
them
before they wither away and die.
- That's a depressing
metaphor I could do without.
- But you'll never wither away,
Ren.
- I can't believe this hotel
room.
It's amazing.
And you have it all to yourself?
The place is huge.
It has to be one of the suites.
- It's much better than that.
This is one of their deluxe
suits.
(Nana laughs)
- It's insane.
I've never seen such an enormous
tub.
- The rooms way too big.
I don't feel comfortable staying
here.
- Sitting here like this with
you,
it's like a weird trip back in
time.
Remember how you and I used to
have a bath
with each other everyday?
Talking about anything and
everything.
Of course, the tub in our
place was pretty small,
but I was so comfortable in it
with you.
So, Ren, about our old place.
Since no one's living there,
it's a waste.
Shouldn't you just let it go?
- Don't worry, it's okay.
I'm hanging onto it 'cause
that's where I got my start
and someday I'm gonna buy the
place.
Then we can retire there
and grow old together.
(water splashing)
- Don't you tell me what
I'm gonna do when I retire.
- When I was a kid,
the building was just an empty
warehouse.
I used to sneak in there
whenever I ran away from
that damn orphanage.
I found a guitar.
Put new strings on it
and I would sit there
playing it all night long.
Huh.
It doesn't matter if you're born
with natural talent or not.
When you practice that
much, you're gonna get good.
- This is the first time
you've told me that story.
- Well, I never told anyone.
Never let them see you sweat.
(water trickling)
(Nana grunting)
- You don't have to wash me.
I took a bath before,
so I'm already clean.
- Sorry, old habits die hard.
But how come you're so
embarrassed?
- Who said I was embarrassed?
I'm just not on the pill
anymore.
So, there's no way the two of us
are gonna do it in the bath.
Okay?
- All right, all right, I know.
- Yeah, do you really?
(water splashing)
Ren?
- [Ren] Hm?
- [Nana] Did you really
mean what you just said?
- What part are you talking
about?
- I've got my pride you know?
And I've got my own career ahead
of me.
I can't live with you
like we did before.
I just, it wouldn't work.
But, I'd be into us
getting together like this
from time to time.
Being with each other,
holding each other,
talking to each other.
And someday, when I'm older,
and my pride and
vanity faded away.
And I get tired of singing.
Then can I go back there
and retire with you?
(water splashing)
(wind blowing)
- [Hachi] That night I dreamt a
lot.
I can't remember
what the dreams were about.
But when I woke up, I had this
warm happy feeling inside.
(birds chirping)
I didn't wake up until it was
afternoon.
And I saw that Nana was
still asleep by my side.
(toothbrush scrubbing)
I wonder if I should ask her.
It is okay to ask, isn't it?
She said she'd tell me anything,
right?
I gotta ask, Nana!
How did it go with Ren last
night?
- I can't tell you anything
when I'm brushing my teeth.
- What'd you say?
I didn't understand!
(Nana gurgling)
- What I said was, I
can't tell you anything
'cause I'm the middle
of brushing my teeth.
(upbeat music)
You're not very good
at figuring things out,
are you, Hachi?
Oh, well.
What can you expect from a puppy
dog?
- [Hachi] But, Nana.
- All right, then.
Let's eat.
- [Mom] There's more soup
if you want it, okay?
- Thank you.
- You never answered my
question, Nana.
Big liar.
I can't believe I was so freaked
out
about you and Ren that I
forget to look at Takumi.
Now it's obvious, I should
have just watched him.
(Hachi sighing)
Hm, Takumi.
- Okay, you know what, Hachiko?
I can trust you, right?
'Cause I got a favor to ask you.
(chimes ringing)
- She trusts me?
Sure you can.
What do you want?
- Hm, mm.
If you can do this without
screwing up,
I'll give you a treat.
I'm mean, you really came
through for me yesterday.
What would you like?
A dog bone or something like
that?
(tail swishing)
- Takumi's autograph?
- [Nana] Okay, no problem
(Hachi gasping)
I'll just ask Ren to get
one for you.
- Yay!
(laser chirps)
(upbeat music)
- You're getting this
excited over an autograph?
- No, it's not that.
It's 'cause you and Ren
are back together again.
- Uh, we're not exactly
back together.
Anyway.
You know how we don't
have a phone at our place?
And, although I'm gonna
buy a cell phone soon,
what I wanted to ask was,
would you mind if Ren calls
me on yours until then?
Is that okay?
- So, go I can be like your
go-between
and pass messages on and stuff
like that?
- Yeah, I guess that's right.
- Of course.
I'll totally do it.
- Here, I got his email
address in case you need it.
And if you don't mind, can
you send him yours too?
- This is such great news, Nana.
- No, it's not.
- But why not?
- I don't know how I got
myself into this mess.
I didn't plan for it to be like
this.
I wanted some closure.
But instead of putting an
end to things between us
I allowed myself to get
sucked in by him again.
This blows.
(chimes ringing)
- [Hachi] Watching Nana all
curled up
on the floor in front of me.
I've never seen her look
so cute.
(chimes ringing)
(Hachi sighs)
- [Hachi] Huh, whoa.
I'm on a mission!
(chimes ringing)
(laser whirring)
- I want happiness and I want it
now.
I mean, I want a boyfriend.
- Why don't we organize a party
for you?
- No, I don't think that will do
any good.
(chimes ringing)
This time when I fall in love,
I want it to be like destiny.
(slide whistle chirps)
But a party's a good idea
'cause who knows who I might
meet?
- What the hell happened
when you went back home?
(laser chirps)
- Sorry.
Can't tell you, I'm on a secret
mission.
- Since when is finding a
boyfriend been a secret mission?
(chimes ringing)
- Maybe my destiny is to
meet the man of my dreams
at a party.
- Why do you need to bother with
a party?
From what I can see your
garden's ripe for harvest.
- My garden?
- She means people in your own
back yard.
What about the guys in Blast?
- Even though they've got that
whole punk thing going on,
they all seem like they're
pretty sweet.
Are you attracted to any of
them?
(laser reverberates)
(Hachi gasps)
- No, I can't.
Yasu belongs to Nana!
- What? Yasu?
- Those two are going out?
I never knew that.
- No, no, it's not like that.
- What is it like?
- The thing is,
Yasu's always taken
really good care of Nana,
so one time I thought
maybe the two of them were-
- Yeah, Yasu's a really generous
guy,
but he's like that with
everyone.
He's kinda like a monk or
something.
I mean, he's already got
the bald head.
- True.
Yasu's so good to Nobu, to Shin,
and to me too.
- Yasu's like that with
everyone.
He's kinda like a big brother to
me.
- Since Nana doesn't
have a family,
he probably took her in as
if she was his real sister.
He must really feel he's
gotta take care of her.
So, that's it.
He's such a great guy.
- Right?
- What?
- You're not even listening to
us.
- I was just saying
that out of all the guys
for you to choose from in the
band,
I can't believe Yasu was the
one you thought of first.
- Oh?
- [Kyosuke] I didn't think you
went
for the mean-looking guys.
- Not usually.
But Yasu's different.
Once you get used to his shaved
head,
you see all the charm
underneath.
Besides, I prefer my guys to
be a little older than me.
(chimes ringing)
I like how they're calmer and
quieter
than guys my own age.
You know that, don't you, Jun?
And you seen Yasu.
He's very mature.
- Plus, he's a lawyer.
- Oh, that's got nothing to do
with it.
Take away his looks, and his
job,
and he's a really cool guy
inside.
- A really cool guy inside?!
I never thought the day would
come
when I'd hear you talk like
that.
That's great, so why not go for
it?
- Go for it?
(chimes ringing)
What do you mean?
- Love so hot, it burns you up.
- Don't give her ideas.
You'll make it worse.
We were only talking about
who's the best of the three
guys.
- Yeah, Jun.
That's all we were talking
about.
(tea pouring)
- Nana's blushing, Nana's
blushing.
- Huh?
- Maybe, you really do like him.
- Are you kidding?
Of course not.
I swear, I've never thought
about doing anything with Yasu.
That's right.
Nothing can happen between me
and Yasu.
Hm.
(door clicks open)
- Oh, hey there, Nana.
You're already here.
(chimes ringing)
- Huh.
Oh, hello there.
- So, where is everyone?
They late?
- Nana's here.
But she went out to get some
smokes.
- I see.
- Oh, what should I do?
Junko's got me all freaked out
about Yasu.
And now that we're here on our
own
what I'm I gonna say to him?
Huh?
Yasu, I got the program
from the Trapnest concert.
You wanna take a look?
- Yeah, sure.
Thanks.
- Have you heard from Nana or
Ren?
It looks like the two of them
are going to be getting
back together again.
- Really? Huh, that's good for
them.
- Hm, yeah, I think it's awesome
news.
I was kinda bummed out recently,
but now I'm feeling good.
- You were bummed out?
You managed to hide that well.
You seem to be doing great to
me.
What's been going on to get you
down?
- Uh.
Hm.
(suspenseful music)
- Don't worry if you
don't wanna talk about it,
that's cool with me.
- My boyfriend cheated on me
and then he went and dumped me.
- Mm.
He doesn't know what he's
missin'.
What a fool.
- Actually I'm the one who said
I didn't want Shoji anymore.
So it's not totally
true that I got dumped.
I only told that to Yasu so
that I could get his sympathy.
But I need to stay away from
nice guys.
'Cause it's way worse
when they screw you over.
But Yasu's different.
I know I can trust him.
If we keep talking like this,
I might really start to fall for
him.
- Why is everyone so late?
- [Hachi] Is it okay for me to
like him?
- Where the hell did Nana
go to get her cigarettes?
Another country?
- Maybe I shouldn't.
Why don't I just ask?
Hey, Yasu?
Tell me something.
Do you have a girlfriend?
- I don't seem to be very
popular with the ladies.
(chimes ringing)
- What?! But I like you so much.
- Hey, Yasu.
Ren texted back about Mahjong.
He look at his schedule
and he's got days off
next month on the seventh and
eighth.
If we can arrange something
for one of those days,
he'll come and play.
- Really?
- What's this?
Can I play too?
- You know how to play Mahjong,
Hachi?
- Not at all.
- Then what the hell are you
talking-
- I wanna meet Ren!
- What's this, Hachiko?
I thought you had a thing for
Takumi?
You big cheater.
- Don't call me Hachiko.
Shin's getting less and less
cute lately.
- So, anyone know where Nana is?
- She just popped over to Alaska
to buy herself some cigarettes.
- Alaska?
(Hachi laughs)
- [Shin] Hey, is that the
program
from the Trapnest concert?
Lemme see it!
- Here.
Hachi's the one who brought it.
- [Nobu] Hey, can I see it too?
- Hachi?
Even Yasu's calling me that?
- [Nobu] These are great
pics of Reira, she's so hot.
- [Shin] Oh, yeah?
So she's your type, Nobu?
- [Nobu] My type?
Well, why not?
- I can introduce you
to this flight attendant
who looks like her.
- You know a flight attendant?
That's so cool.
(cellphone ringing)
- Three times in one night.
- Shin!
- Forget it, I don't
want your sloppy seconds.
- Oh, well.
Your loss.
- Nana, your back.
Where have you been?
(cymbal reverberates)
(Nana growls)
(rock music)
- Shin, how old are you?!
I don't want to see you smoking
anymore of those cancer sticks.
You're such a poser.
(foot stomping)
- Huh.
- What's gotten into you, Nana?
You didn't seem to care about it
before.
- She's so scary.
Save me, Hachi!
- Uh.
- Yasu!
- Okay, enough already.
I get the hint.
No more smoking.
- [All] No smoking?
Why not?
- We need to increase our lung
capacity.
- Reira's singing made that
big an impact on you, huh?
- It's nothing to do with her!
Screw you, baldy.
- Hm.
- From then on, Nana started
doing sit-ups every night.
So I decided I'd do them with
her.
(Hachi grunting)
- You don't have to do this you
know.
- I wanna make sure I'm in good
shape
for when I get a boyfriend.
- All right.
Well, get going then.
- If I work hard at this maybe,
Yasu will start to notice me.
No, I doubt it.
(phone ringing)
I can't see Yasu going
for someone like me.
- Nana poo, can you make me some
copies?
- He thinks of me like I'm his
kid sister.
Not as a woman.
(Hachi grunting)
(slide whistle chirps)
It was the same with Mr.
Mizukoshi.
There's no hope for me.
Maybe I should just give up.
I'm too old now for this
unrequited love thing.
Try and meet someone else, Nana
poo.
Just go party.
Ah, won't someone please love
me?
(upbeat ringtone)
A message?
(frantic rock music)
(Hachi gasping)
It's Ren!
(Hachi panting)
A message from Ren!
Ren from Trapnest sent
a message to my phone.
I can't believe that this is
happening
to a country girl like me.
I know the message isn't for me,
but do I read it?
I know I shouldn't, but I want
to so bad.
(Hachi gasping)
I'm reading it!
(phone beeps)
Yes!
Come over anytime, baby!
So that's what I
replied for you.
(tail swishing)
- Don't you ever reply as me!
No reward for you.
- You lied, you said you'd
get me Takumi's autograph.
(Hachi crying)
- Hey, if Ren's going to be
coming over
to your place anyway,
would it be okay if we had
the Mahjong battle there?
My pad's not going to be
big enough for everyone.
(slide whistle chirps)
- Agreed!
- No Mahjong table.
(bubbles popping)
- I don't have one either.
We can just put a mat
on the kitchen table.
- You mean the table
by the window?
We can play properly if
we're sitting side by side.
- So?
Just move the table out
from the window.
- Stop smoking now!
- Oops.
- I can't wait!
Hurry up, June 7th.
Ren from Trapnest is
coming over to my place.
Should I ask for his autograph?
Maybe he'd let me have
a photo taken with him.
(laser chirps)
What am I gonna wear?
Should I get a dress for
the occasion?
I gotta get my hair done too.
And make some fancy snacks.
What should I make?
(laser chips)
I'm gonna need to start
cooking the night before.
Then get up early to
clean the apartment
and head off to the florist
to buy lots of flowers
to fill the place.
Hey, boss?
I got this really
important VIP coming over
for dinner tomorrow.
Is it okay if I take the day
off?
- No way!
Absolutely not!
- [Hachi] Half an hour
until I get off work.
I'm sure everyone's showing up
around now.
I gotta rush home and meet Ren.
Oh, and I better get nice
paper for his autograph.
- Sir, I don't understand
why you can't just fire her.
- Eh?
- Nana poo, can you make copies
of-
Where'd she go?
- Miss Komatsu has left for the
day.
- Hm, this early?
- So, let's fire her.
- I guess you're right.
(dice rattling)
- Man, you're really good at
this.
Think you could go easy on me
for awhile?
- But I am going easy.
- Shin, you're getting more
and more obnoxious, you know?
- And I told you not to smoke!
- Ren's smoking.
But I guess it's okay
'cause he's your man.
(Nana sighs)
I never knew you were such a
push over.
(pan bangs)
- Listen up, pipsqueak.
Underage smoking is
against the law, got it?
- But you started smoking
when you were a teenager.
- What's with this sudden no
smoking kick?
It's such a drag.
No one else seems to want in on
it.
- Yeah, why do you need to quit?
I know lots of singers who smoke
and they don't have any
problems with their voice.
You'd be better off
taking singing lessons.
- Shut your trap.
I don't need you telling me what
to do.
(doorbell rings)
- Hey, is that Hachi?
- It could be.
- Why don't you go let her in?
- Listen, guys.
It's Nana.
Not Hachi.
- Ha, if you say so.
- What do I say to him?
Nice to meet you, I'm Nana.
No.
I'm Komatsu.
Mm.
I've been a big Trapnest fan
forever.
(door clicking open)
Huh?
(door hinges squeak)
- Nana, welcome home.
(air whooshing)
(Hachi gasps)
(romantic string music)
- [Hachi] Hey, Nana.
- Okay so I made her cry now
what am I supposed to do?
(group laughing)
- [Hachi] At that time
it was a dream come true.
The reason I burst into tears
was because
I knew right away that it was my
reward.
From you, Nana.
I felt your love, more
than a million thank yous.
(rock music)
You made me so happy.